fix(mongoengine): set Content-Disposition on api_file_view downloads (#2918)
flask-admin/flask-admin: doc/changelog.rst

Bugfixes:
* Fix encoding for editing file in FileAdmin. Now it uses UTF-8 and accepts non-ASCII characters.
* SQLAlchemy backend: ``conv_ARRAY`` now infers the array element's ``python_type`` and passes it through as the ``Select2TagsField`` ``coerce`` callable. Saving a Postgres ``ARRAY(Integer)`` / ``ARRAY(Float)`` column no longer fails with ``column "x" is of type integer[] but expression is of type text[]`` (closes #1724).

> * MongoEngine backend: ``api_file_view`` now emits a ``Content-Disposition`` header carrying the original GridFS filename, so downloaded files keep their name and extension instead of being saved as ``file`` (closes #2916). Originally reported and patched by `@bekab95 <https://github.com/bekab95>`_ in #2036.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MongoEngine fileadmin backend: downloading GridFS files now preserves their name and extension instead of saving them as ``file`` (closes #2916).
```
